This is NANOKAT Forge — a human-gated website planning demo built during OpenAI Build Week.
It is running on Google Cloud Run.
The health check shows Alibaba Model Studio as the provider, and Qwen as the live model — not an offline stub.
I give it a messy small-business brief.
Loose notes are fine.
The system structures them.
Qwen returns a structured plan: business summary, pages, palette, validation steps, and risks.
Nothing is deployed yet.
Consequential work waits for a human.
I approve only when the plan is acceptable.
Without approval, the preview endpoint refuses.
After approval, a scoped builder validates constraints and renders an isolated H T M L preview.
No production D N S, no secret access, no site push.
G P T five point six helped with architecture and safety.
Codex implements in-repo when available.
Grok handled host deploy and verification.
Qwen powers the live inference path.
We are not claiming multi-agent Mission Society or cryptographic package signing as shipped today — those are the next vertical slice.
What you see is the working kernel: plan, approve, preview, prove.
NANOKAT Forge: create something useful, know how it was made, and keep a human on the consequential step.